193 improve quickstart (#197)
massalabs/docs: docs/build/quickstart.mdx

npx @massalabs/sc-project-initializer@buildnet init massa-hello-world
```

> With this command, you have created a new folder named massa-hello-world with all the necessary files for developing a Massa smart contract. Navigate to this folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this command, you have created a new folder named `massa-hello-world` with all the necessary files for developing a Massa smart contract. Navigate to this folder.
```

Our code might seem like a mouthful at first, but let's break it down into smaller, digestible parts:

- **Setting Up Providers and Initializing a Custom Client**
```tsx
const initClient = async () => {
  const client = await ClientFactory.createDefaultClient(
    DefaultProviderUrls.BUILDNET,
      false
    );
    setWeb3client(client);
};
```

> In order to interact with the blockchain, our front end application is going to need a client. A client is a piece of software that can interact with a service; in our case the service is the Massa blockchain. Thus in the code above, we are initializing a client object. Then, we will use this client's methods to interact with the blockchain and more specifically with our smart contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to interact with the blockchain, our front end application is going to need a client. A client is a piece of software that can be used to interact with a service; in our case the service is the Massa blockchain and we will use the client's methods to interact with our smart contract. 
```

In the code above, we are using the `createDefaultClient` method to initialize our client object. This method takes two parameters: a provider URL and a boolean. The provider URL is the URL of the node we want to use to interact with the blockchain. 

:::info
If you remember correctly, [before deploying our smart contract](#step-2-setting-up-the-environment-variables)
, we created a `.env` file and added a `JSON_RPC_URL` variable to it. This variable was the URL of a node used to deploy our smart contract to the Massa blockchain. Here we are doing something similar but instead of using a node to deploy our smart contract, we are using a node to interact with our smart contract.
:::

We are using the `DefaultProviderUrls.BUILDNET` constant as our provider URL. This constant points to a node on the Massa buildnet. 

> The boolean is a flag that indicates whether or not we want to use the node's wallet to sign transactions. Here it is set to false because we are not going to sign transactions. Finally, we are setting the client object to the `web3client` state variable using the `setWeb3client` function, so that the web3 client is available to the rest of our application.

Reviewer: It's not clear to me what you want to say. We wouldn't use the node's wallet anyway, no ?

:::info
The buildnet is a test network that is used to test smart contracts before deploying them to the mainnet. It is similar to the Ethereum Sepolia network. You can learn more about Massa networks [here](/docs/build/networks-faucets).
:::

- **Retrieving the Greeting**
```tsx
 async function funcGetGreeting() {
    if (web3client) {
      let res = await web3client
        .publicApi()
        .getDatastoreEntries([
          { address: sc_addr, key: strToBytes("greeting") },
        ]);
      if (res[0].candidate_value) {
        let greetingDecoded = bytesToStr(res[0].candidate_value);
        setGreeting(greetingDecoded);
      }
    }
  }
```

> In the code above, we are retrieving the "Hellow, world!" greeting message by directly reading the smart contract's storage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the code above, we are retrieving the "Hello, world!" greeting message by directly reading the smart contract's storage. 
```

:::info

> Each smart contract has its own storage that can be used to store data. It is also a key-value store. Learn more about smart contracts [here](docs/build/smart-contract/intro).

Reviewer: There's already an info box that says this. I would remove this one.

:::

To do so, we are using the `getDatastoreEntries` method. This method takes an array of `DatastoreEntry` objects as a parameter. Each `DatastoreEntry` object contains the address of the smart contract and the key of the value we want to retrieve.
In our case, the address of the smart contract is the one we got during contract deployment. The key is the string "greeting" [that we used to store the greeting message in the smart contract's storage](#step-1-writing-the-smart-contract). 
We retrieve the current greeting from the smart contract's storage and decode it using the `bytesToStr` function. Finally, we set the greeting to the `greeting` state variable using the `setGreeting` function.

> :::info

Reviewer: I would mention utilities functions of massa-web3 and link to.

    }
  }
```
In the code above, we are retrieving the "Hello, world!" greeting message by directly reading the smart contract's storage. 

> To do so, we are using the `getDatastoreEntries` method. This method takes an array of `DatastoreEntry` objects as a parameter. Each `DatastoreEntry` object contains the address off the smart contract and the key of the value we want to retrieve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, we are using the `getDatastoreEntries` method. This method takes an array of `DatastoreEntry` objects as a parameter. Each `DatastoreEntry` object contains the address of the smart contract and the key of the value we want to retrieve.
```
